yo what up guys up here the mva every
day so I got some great gameplay for you
guys I got my HD PVR Portland with
Washington I'm running with pores and my
friends running with Washington you know
I'm fast-forwarding all the unnecessary
clips in this gameplay but its overall a
good game and I hope you guys enjoy so
right now I want to talk to you guys
about 2k12 is it worth no money is it
worth the getting is it going to be
better than 2k 11 zipping to be better
than 2k 10 what's the situation with the
rosters and he brand new game modes all
that good stuff and we're gonna start
talking about this right now alright so
if you're a hardcore NBA 2k game or
you're already going to get this game no
matter what there's no point even
arguing if it's worth it or not if you
were definitely considering getting it
you get you know you're going to get it
you already pre-ordered it you know I
mean you don't have to watch this and
you can watch for the gameplay go ahead
but right now i'm aiming this video for
the people who are considering is it
worth the sixty dollars all right is it
worth the money to get this game is it
going to be any different than 2k 11 and
is it worth it alright so for 2k12 i
found out something that's really suck
so there's going to be no rookies in the
game yes no Jimmer Fredette no Kemba
Walker no Kyle Irving none of those good
guys reason is the NBA lockout since is
an NBA lockout they didn't sign a
contract didn't get their money
therefore they cannot be in the video
game a lot of people love playing with
the rookies and a lot of people were
getting the game just to play with
Jimmer Fredette I'm sure a lot of
college people wanted to get the game
just to play with a lot of the former
college players and unfortunately
they're not going to be in this game
until the lockout is over so if you guys
wanted to get this game just for the
rookies I'm sorry to say they're not
going to be in this game so I would just
wait until the lockout ends and then
there will be an update where you guys
can play with the players you wanted to
play with such as Kemba Walker Jimmer
Fredette you know and all those guys so
the majority of the people who play NBA
2k12 are from ages 13 to 25 now
there's a lot of people who are younger
who play and I know there's a lot of
people who are older that play but I'm
just giving good statistics all right
now that being said a lot of us were not
able to win it's Michael Jordan Larry
Bird Isaiah Thomas Kareem abdul-jabbar
all those good players those Hall of
Famers in their prime which is a big
expect of NBA 2k12 legend smoke so this
mode is basically going to be allowing
us to play with Michael Jordan Isiah
Thomas you know we're going to be having
game plays with them back in the day
we're going to be doing challenges such
as Jordan mode but now with only with
Jordan with all the players all the big
achievements all the big accomplishments
all the big games that happen in the
past so basically this game is for you
know for a lot of us to realize how
these players play back in the day how
big of a speck they have on today's game
and all that good stuff now for those of
you who do my player NBA 2k12 my players
supposed to bring em VA my player to a
brand new level it's supposed to surpass
NBA 2k11 santa k tends combined so don't
worry about that so if you guys love my
player if you guys don't have access to
xbox live and you get NBA 2k12 stretch
for the my clear I suggest getting the
game because you know with or without
you know the brand new rookies NBA 2k12
is my players anybody amazing hands down
now this leads me to my biggest concern
i have on NBA 2k12 the online gameplay
now I love NBA 2k12 I like playing it
online you know it's okay but it takes
too long to find a match and once you
find a match you know the player might
leave the connection always messes up
halfway through the game and its really
annoying and they really have to fix it
well I think they gotta give some good
extensive to play this game you know for
online because i remember in hero3 you
know you got the level 50 so if you
wanted to get that high you would have
to win multiple games in a row and they
really got to do something like that for
2k12 now glitches in this game is a big
big big problem there's glitches
everywhere in every single game is a
glitch there's a glitch in 2k 10 there's
a glitch in 2k11 you know the coaching
walked in the middle of the court the
center you know you try pumping and yet
in the end up shooting it there's so
many glitches I can keep on going on and
on I mean if you want to type in NBA
2k11 glitches on YouTube you know you'll
get thousands of results so they really
really really got to work hard and fix
the glitches i mean some
the bitches are really funny i love them
but you know sometimes they ruined the
game you know now there's not a
noticeable difference while not a big
noticeable difference of that graphics
between NBA 2k12 in 2k11 but there's
definitely undo our difference right so
if you guys are graphic freaks and you
guys you know want a difference between
the two games you can go ahead and buy
2k12 because there is a difference now
we can talk about the roster so
unfortunately the rosters are going to
be updated as of the NBA finals so I'm
sure Dirk Nowitzki is gonna have a
really high rating I'm sure Jason
Terry's gonna have a high rating you
know the Mavericks are probably gonna
have a really high team writing so you
know you're not going to be having no
updates you know even if teaming up a
lot of the NBA players playing China
it's not NBA officials so you know Kobe
Bryant's tearing it up in China or
something like that's happening you know
Kobe Bryant's ranking will still sit
stay the same from where as of you know
March 30th or something all right so
don't expect the players to be updated
during the lockout now the NBA 2k12 demo
was coming out in about two days so I
promise you I'm gonna be getting first
coverage of that I'm gonna try my best
as you guys know I got my HD PVR so as
soon as the game demo comes in the xbox
live marketplace I want to be posting
that up on YouTube as fast as possible
if any of you guys know when it's coming
out or the exact time it comes out
please PM me or leave it in the comments
down below and I'll gladly appreciate it
because I want to be doing on one of the
first people need you to post it up so
you guys my subscribers get first dibs
to see it so the final verdict is an NBA
2k12 worth it even though there's an NBA
lockout even though there's gonna be no
rookies my decision is yes I'm
definitely going to be hitting it i'm
gonna beginning at midnight release you
know it's still NBA 2k12 I mean you're
playing NBA 2k11 if you have the money
to spend sixty dollars it's go ahead
it's definitely worth it because if
you're going to be playing NBA 2k11
might as well play 2k12 better graphics
updated rosters all that good stuff
you're going to have game modes such as
you know legendary mode you're my
players gonna be better you're cruising
to be better all that glistens gonna be
better so stay tuned for the demo that
i'm going to be posting up in about a
day or two well i hope you guys enjoyed
this gameplay it's almost over you know
i really would appreciate it
you guys comment like rate like my
facebook page to subscribe I work really
hard editing this and you know time
enough recording is I hope you guys
enjoy it I'm definitely going to be
posting of a lot more game place and all
such as call of duty black ops you know
maybe some halo here they're definitely
modern warfare 3 definitely 2k12 I
promise you that all right so anyways I
already said it but please comment rate
subscribe like my facebook page thank
you guys so much for the support I
really enjoyed without you guys I would
be nothing on youtube so the NBA
everyday guys have